\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename readme.info
@settitle Perl Unix::Processors Installation
@c %**end of header

@c DESCRIPTION: TexInfo: DOCUMENT source run through texinfo to produce README file
@c Use 'make README' to produce the output file

@node Top, Copyright, (dir), (dir)

This is the Unix::Processors Perl Package.

@menu
* Copyright::                   
* Description::                 
* Obtaining Distribution::      
* Supported Systems::           
* Installation::                
@end menu

@node Copyright, Description, Top, Top
@section Copyright

This package is Copyright 2000-2003 by Wilson Snyder @email{wsnyder@@wsnyder.org}.

You may distribute under the terms of either the GNU General Public License
or the Artistic License, as specified in the Perl README file.

This code is provided with no warranty of any kind, and is used entirely at
your own risk.

@node Description, Obtaining Distribution, Copyright, Top
@section Description

This package provides access to per-processor information from Perl.

@example
  my $procs = new Unix::Processors;
  print $procs->max_online, " CPUs at ", $procs->max_clock, " MHz\n";
  (my $FORMAT =   "%2s  %-8s     %4s    \n") =~ s/\s\s+/ /g;
  printf($FORMAT, "#", "STATE", "CLOCK",  "TYPE", ); 
  foreach my $proc (@@@{$procs->processors@}) @{
      printf ($FORMAT, $proc->id, $proc->state, $proc->clock, $proc->type);
  @}
@end example

See @samp{man Unix::Processors} after installation.

@node Obtaining Distribution, Supported Systems, Description, Top
@section Obtaining Distribution

The latest version is available at 
@uref{http://www.perl.org/CPAN/}

Download the latest package from that site, and decompress.
@samp{gunzip Unix-Processors_version.tar.gz ; tar xvf Unix-Processors_version.tar}

@node Supported Systems, Installation, Obtaining Distribution, Top
@section Supported Systems

This version of Unix::Processors has been built and tested on:

@itemize @bullet
@item i386-linux
@item aix-4.3.3
@item aix-5.1.0 (32 and 64 bit)
@item alpha-osf
@item freebsd (clock methods not present)
@item hpux-11.00
@item hpux-11.11
@item sgi-irix
@item sparc-sun-solaris2.6
@item sparc-sun-solaris2.8
@end itemize

Porting will definately be necessary for other operating systems.

@node Installation,  , Supported Systems, Top
@section Installation

@enumerate
@item
@code{cd} to the directory containing this README notice.

@item
Type @samp{perl Makefile.PL} to configure Unix::Processors for your system.

@item
Type @samp{make} to compile Unix::Processors.

@item
Type @samp{make install} to install the programs and any data files and
documentation.

@end enumerate



